.TH PASTEMNGR 1
.SH NAME
pastemngr \- A powerful pastebin manager for the command line.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pastemngr
[\fB\fI<command>\fR]
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pastemngr
manages pastes from pastebin.com and stores informations locally about users and pastes. This tool has the hability to create and retrieve pastes from the command line as well as fetching information regarding users and pastes (locally and online).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-fetch-dev-key
Request a pastebin login, fetch the account's developer key and, on success, save it locally, at the config folder. This application needs a developer key to access the pastebin API, otherwise it won't work.
.SH COMMANDS
List of accepted commands
.PP
.BR list_users 
[\fB\--raw\fR]
.RS
List registered users in the local database.
.RE
.PP
.BR register
[\fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR, \fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSER\fR]
.RS
Register the given user in the local database. This will fetch the user key associated with the given user name, and store it locally.
.RE
.PP
.BR remove 
[\fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR, \fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSER\fR]
.RS
Remove the given user from the local database.
.RE
.PP
.BR user_info 
[\fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR, \fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSER\fR]
[\fB\-\-local\fR]
[\fB\-\-raw\fR]
.RS
Show informations about the given user.
.RE
.PP
.BR new_paste 
[\fB-i\fR \fIFILE\fR, \fB\-\-input-file\fR \fIFILE\fR]
[\fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR, \fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSER\fR]
[\fB-t\fR \fINAME\fR, \fB\-\-title\fR \fINAME\fR]
[\fB-f\fR \fIFMT\fR, \fB\-\-format\fR \fIFMT\fR]
[\fB-v\fR \fIN\fR, \fB\-\-visibility\fR \fIN\fR]
[\fB-e\fR \fITIME\fR, \fB\-\-expire\fR \fITIME\fR]
.RS
Create a new paste and upload it to pastebin.
.RE
.PP
.BR fetch_paste
[\fB-k\fR \fIKEY\fR, \fB\-\-paste-key\fR \fIKEY\fR]
[\fB\-\-local\fR]
.RS
Fetch the paste identified by the given key.
.RE
.PP
.BR list_pastes 
[\fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR, \fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSER\fR]
[\fB\-\-local\fR]
[\fB\-\-raw\fR]
.RS
List pastes belonging to the given user.
.RE
.PP
.BR delete_paste 
[\fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR, \fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSER\fR]
[\fB-k\fR \fIKEY\fR, \fB\-\-paste-key\fR \fIKEY\fR]
[\fB\-\-local\fR]
.RS
Remove the paste identified by the given key.
.RE
.PP
.BR paste_info 
[\fB-k\fR \fIKEY\fR, \fB\-\-paste-key\fR \fIKEY\fR]
.RS
Show informations about the paste identified by the given key.
.RE
.PP
.BR remove_expired 
[\fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR, \fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSER\fR]
.RS
Remove expired pastes from the local database for every registered user or for the given user.
.RE
.PP
.BR update_db 
[\fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR, \fB\-\-username\fR \fIUSER\fR]
.RS
Update the local database for every registered user or for the given user.
.RE
.SS OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-u ", " \-\-username=\fIUSER\fR
Set the username for executing the operation on.
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-input-file=\fIFILE\fR
Set the input file to be uploaded as a paste. Open a text editor if left blank.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-title=\fINAME\fR
Set the paste title. Default is 'Untitled'.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-format=\fIFMT\fR
Set the paste format. Default is 'text'. Check the end of this manual for a complete list of accepted formats.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-visibility=\fIN\fR
Set the paste visibility between '0' (public), '1' (unlisted) and '2' (private). Default is 0.
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-\-expire=\fITIME\fR
Set the expire time for the paste. Default is 'N'. Check the end of this manual for a complete list of accepted expire times.
.TP
.BR \-k ", " \-\-paste-key=\fIKEY\fR
The key referring to a paste.
e.g.: https://pastebin.com/UIFdu235s (the key is UIFdu235s).
.TP
.BR \-\-local
Run the operation locally instead of online.
.TP
.BR \-\-raw
Print the operation's result without fancy headers.
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
This section presents some examples of
.BR pastemngr
usage.
.PP
.BR pastemngr
\fBnew_paste\fR
.RS
Post a new paste as guest
.RE
.PP
.BR pastemngr
\fBnew_paste --title 'A simple title' --expire 1M\fR
.RS
Post a new paste as guest, with title and expiration date of a month.
.RE
.PP
.BR pastemngr
\fBnew_paste --username user --input-file example.sh --format bash\fR
.RS
Post a new paste as user, using an existing file and having a format:
.RE
.PP
.BR pastemngr
\fBfetch_paste --paste-key UIFdu235s\fR
.RS
Fetch a paste
.RE
.PP
.BR pastemngr
\fBupdate_db\fR
.RS
Update the database
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT 
Enviroment variables used by the application.
.PP
\fIEDITOR\fR
.RS
Contains the name of the default text editor used for creating a new paste.
.PP
(Default: nano)
.RE
.PP
.SH EXPIRE
List of avaiable expirations times
.TP
.BR N
Never.
.TP
.BR 10M
10 minutes.
.TP
.BR 1H
1 hour.
.TP
.BR 1D
1 day.
.TP
.BR 1W
1 week.
.TP
.BR 2W
2 weeks.
.TP
.BR 1M
1 month.
.TP
.BR 6M
6 months.
.TP
.BR 1Y
1 year.
.SH FORMAT
List of available paste formats
.TP
.BR 4cs
4CS
.TP
.BR 6502acme
6502 ACME Cross Assembler
.TP
.BR 6502kickass
6502 Kick Assembler
.TP
.BR 6502tasm
6502 TASM/64TASS
.TP
.BR abap
ABAP
.TP
.BR actionscript
ActionScript
.TP
.BR actionscript3
ActionScript 3
.TP
.BR ada
Ada
.TP
.BR aimms
AIMMS
.TP
.BR algol68
ALGOL 68
.TP
.BR apache
Apache Log
.TP
.BR applescript
AppleScript
.TP
.BR apt_sources
APT Sources
.TP
.BR arduino
Arduino
.TP
.BR arm
ARM
.TP
.BR asm
ASM (NASM)
.TP
.BR asp
ASP
.TP
.BR asymptote
Asymptote
.TP
.BR autoconf
autoconf
.TP
.BR autohotkey
Autohotkey
.TP
.BR autoit
AutoIt
.TP
.BR avisynth
Avisynth
.TP
.BR awk
Awk
.TP
.BR bascomavr
BASCOM AVR
.TP
.BR bash
Bash
.TP
.BR basic4gl
Basic4GL
.TP
.BR dos
Batch
.TP
.BR bibtex
BibTeX
.TP
.BR blitzbasic
Blitz Basic
.TP
.BR b3d
Blitz3D
.TP
.BR bmx
BlitzMax
.TP
.BR bnf
BNF
.TP
.BR boo
BOO
.TP
.BR bf
BrainFuck
.TP
.BR c
C
.TP
.BR c_winapi
C (WinAPI)
.TP
.BR c_mac
C for Macs
.TP
.BR cil
C Intermediate Language
.TP
.BR csharp
C#
.TP
.BR cpp
C++
.TP
.BR cpp-winapi
C++ (WinAPI)
.TP
.BR cpp-qt
C++ (with Qt extensions)
.TP
.BR c_loadrunner
C: Loadrunner
.TP
.BR caddcl
CAD DCL
.TP
.BR cadlisp
CAD Lisp
.TP
.BR ceylon
Ceylon
.TP
.BR cfdg
CFDG
.TP
.BR chaiscript
ChaiScript
.TP
.BR chapel
Chapel
.TP
.BR clojure
Clojure
.TP
.BR klonec
Clone C
.TP
.BR klonecpp
Clone C++
.TP
.BR cmake
CMake
.TP
.BR cobol
COBOL
.TP
.BR coffeescript
CoffeeScript
.TP
.BR cfm
ColdFusion
.TP
.BR css
CSS
.TP
.BR cuesheet
Cuesheet
.TP
.BR d
D
.TP
.BR dart
Dart
.TP
.BR dcl
DCL
.TP
.BR dcpu16
DCPU-16
.TP
.BR dcs
DCS
.TP
.BR delphi
Delphi
.TP
.BR oxygene
Delphi Prism (Oxygene)
.TP
.BR diff
Diff
.TP
.BR div
DIV
.TP
.BR dot
DOT
.TP
.BR e
E
.TP
.BR ezt
Easytrieve
.TP
.BR ecmascript
ECMAScript
.TP
.BR eiffel
Eiffel
.TP
.BR email
Email
.TP
.BR epc
EPC
.TP
.BR erlang
Erlang
.TP
.BR euphoria
Euphoria
.TP
.BR fsharp
F#
.TP
.BR falcon
Falcon
.TP
.BR filemaker
Filemaker
.TP
.BR fo
FO Language
.TP
.BR f1
Formula One
.TP
.BR fortran
Fortran
.TP
.BR freebasic
FreeBasic
.TP
.BR freeswitch
FreeSWITCH
.TP
.BR gambas
GAMBAS
.TP
.BR gml
Game Maker
.TP
.BR gdb
GDB
.TP
.BR genero
Genero
.TP
.BR genie
Genie
.TP
.BR gettext
GetText
.TP
.BR go
Go
.TP
.BR groovy
Groovy
.TP
.BR gwbasic
GwBasic
.TP
.BR haskell
Haskell
.TP
.BR haxe
Haxe
.TP
.BR hicest
HicEst
.TP
.BR hq9plus
HQ9 Plus
.TP
.BR html4strict
HTML
.TP
.BR html5
HTML 5
.TP
.BR icon
Icon
.TP
.BR idl
IDL
.TP
.BR ini
INI file
.TP
.BR inno
Inno Script
.TP
.BR intercal
INTERCAL
.TP
.BR io
IO
.TP
.BR ispfpanel
ISPF Panel Definition
.TP
.BR j
J
.TP
.BR java
Java
.TP
.BR java5
Java 5
.TP
.BR javascript
JavaScript
.TP
.BR jcl
JCL
.TP
.BR jquery
jQuery
.TP
.BR json
JSON
.TP
.BR julia
Julia
.TP
.BR kixtart
KiXtart
.TP
.BR kotlin
Kotlin
.TP
.BR latex
Latex
.TP
.BR ldif
LDIF
.TP
.BR lb
Liberty BASIC
.TP
.BR lsl2
Linden Scripting
.TP
.BR lisp
Lisp
.TP
.BR llvm
LLVM
.TP
.BR locobasic
Loco Basic
.TP
.BR logtalk
Logtalk
.TP
.BR lolcode
LOL Code
.TP
.BR lotusformulas
Lotus Formulas
.TP
.BR lotusscript
Lotus Script
.TP
.BR lscript
LScript
.TP
.BR lua
Lua
.TP
.BR m68k
M68000 Assembler
.TP
.BR magiksf
MagikSF
.TP
.BR make
Make
.TP
.BR mapbasic
MapBasic
.TP
.BR markdown
Markdown
.TP
.BR matlab
MatLab
.TP
.BR mirc
mIRC
.TP
.BR mmix
MIX Assembler
.TP
.BR modula2
Modula 2
.TP
.BR modula3
Modula 3
.TP
.BR 68000devpac
Motorola 68000 HiSoft Dev
.TP
.BR mpasm
MPASM
.TP
.BR mxml
MXML
.TP
.BR mysql
MySQL
.TP
.BR nagios
Nagios
.TP
.BR netrexx
NetRexx
.TP
.BR newlisp
newLISP
.TP
.BR nginx
Nginx
.TP
.BR nim
Nim
.TP
.BR text
None
.TP
.BR nsis
NullSoft Installer
.TP
.BR oberon2
Oberon 2
.TP
.BR objeck
Objeck Programming Langua
.TP
.BR objc
Objective C
.TP
.BR ocaml
OCaml
.TP
.BR ocaml-brief
OCaml Brief
.TP
.BR octave
Octave
.TP
.BR oorexx
Open Object Rexx
.TP
.BR pf
OpenBSD PACKET FILTER
.TP
.BR glsl
OpenGL Shading
.TP
.BR oobas
Openoffice BASIC
.TP
.BR oracle11
Oracle 11
.TP
.BR oracle8
Oracle 8
.TP
.BR oz
Oz
.TP
.BR parasail
ParaSail
.TP
.BR parigp
PARI/GP
.TP
.BR pascal
Pascal
.TP
.BR pawn
Pawn
.TP
.BR pcre
PCRE
.TP
.BR per
Per
.TP
.BR perl
Perl
.TP
.BR perl6
Perl 6
.TP
.BR php
PHP
.TP
.BR php-brief
PHP Brief
.TP
.BR pic16
Pic 16
.TP
.BR pike
Pike
.TP
.BR pixelbender
Pixel Bender
.TP
.BR pli
PL/I
.TP
.BR plsql
PL/SQL
.TP
.BR postgresql
PostgreSQL
.TP
.BR postscript
PostScript
.TP
.BR povray
POV-Ray
.TP
.BR powerbuilder
PowerBuilder
.TP
.BR powershell
PowerShell
.TP
.BR proftpd
ProFTPd
.TP
.BR progress
Progress
.TP
.BR prolog
Prolog
.TP
.BR properties
Properties
.TP
.BR providex
ProvideX
.TP
.BR puppet
Puppet
.TP
.BR purebasic
PureBasic
.TP
.BR pycon
PyCon
.TP
.BR python
Python
.TP
.BR pys60
Python for S60
.TP
.BR q
q/kdb+
.TP
.BR qbasic
QBasic
.TP
.BR qml
QML
.TP
.BR rsplus
R
.TP
.BR racket
Racket
.TP
.BR rails
Rails
.TP
.BR rbs
RBScript
.TP
.BR rebol
REBOL
.TP
.BR reg
REG
.TP
.BR rexx
Rexx
.TP
.BR robots
Robots
.TP
.BR rpmspec
RPM Spec
.TP
.BR ruby
Ruby
.TP
.BR gnuplot
Ruby Gnuplot
.TP
.BR rust
Rust
.TP
.BR sas
SAS
.TP
.BR scala
Scala
.TP
.BR scheme
Scheme
.TP
.BR scilab
Scilab
.TP
.BR scl
SCL
.TP
.BR sdlbasic
SdlBasic
.TP
.BR smalltalk
Smalltalk
.TP
.BR smarty
Smarty
.TP
.BR spark
SPARK
.TP
.BR sparql
SPARQL
.TP
.BR sqf
SQF
.TP
.BR sql
SQL
.TP
.BR standardml
StandardML
.TP
.BR stonescript
StoneScript
.TP
.BR sclang
SuperCollider
.TP
.BR swift
Swift
.TP
.BR systemverilog
SystemVerilog
.TP
.BR tsql
T-SQL
.TP
.BR tcl
TCL
.TP
.BR teraterm
Tera Term
.TP
.BR thinbasic
thinBasic
.TP
.BR typoscript
TypoScript
.TP
.BR unicon
Unicon
.TP
.BR uscript
UnrealScript
.TP
.BR upc
UPC
.TP
.BR urbi
Urbi
.TP
.BR vala
Vala
.TP
.BR vbnet
VB.NET
.TP
.BR vbscript
VBScript
.TP
.BR vedit
Vedit
.TP
.BR verilog
VeriLog
.TP
.BR vhdl
VHDL
.TP
.BR vim
VIM
.TP
.BR visualprolog
Visual Pro Log
.TP
.BR vb
VisualBasic
.TP
.BR visualfoxpro
VisualFoxPro
.TP
.BR whitespace
WhiteSpace
.TP
.BR whois
WHOIS
.TP
.BR winbatch
Winbatch
.TP
.BR xbasic
XBasic
.TP
.BR xml
XML
.TP
.BR xorg_conf
Xorg Config
.TP
.BR xpp
XPP
.TP
.BR yaml
YAML
.TP
.BR z80
Z80 Assembler
.TP
.BR zxbasic
ZXBasic
